Hi, my name's Dr. Archimedes Einstein,
and I'm a doctor of science at the University of Science in a very famous town
that you are too stupid to have heard of. Anyway,
today we're gonna talk about synergies.
A lot of people are worried about synergies,
but I can tell you that statistics show there is no danger increased cancer risk
from synergies. However, better to be safe than sorry.
I'm gonna demonstrate how we can leverage a synergy. First of all,
I've got this banana. This banana represents Web 2.0. Look,
I've written on it, some user generated content just to prove the point.
I take my web 2.0 and I put in envelope marked paradigm shift.
Okay? Very important.
Now I put the envelope and with a bit of blue sky thinking,
I'm gonna push the envelope, then I'll take my leverage mallone. Ah.
And there we can see as synergy leveraged.